Now this is not what we want to fight
If you hadn't saved him
He won't die either.
Can you calm down?
Yes, he won't die.
Then let him keep walking dead like this
Not living unruly, right?
Are you being too selfish?
I'll tell you what.
No one wants to mutate and live
What do you know?
I don't understand, I ask you
What if it was you who mutated?
Do you want to accompany your sister so unruly?
Make his heart hurt when he sees you
Or choose to fall
Don't drag your sister down
What right do you have to say
I'm not trying to teach you a lesson.
I'm just being realistic.
Be reasonable
Can you do it now?
The outside world is already in chaos
There are countless poor people like your sister
Innocent people exist
They've been infected
If you like.
This tragedy can be stopped
It can also save more people
Have you ever considered
This might also be what your sister wants to see